README.md, before:

# Loop-Tunes
A simple chip-tune music creation sandbox game. Made for bevy-jam 5. Still in early development

Available on:

- [itch.io](https://bcmpinc.itch.io/loop-tunes)
- [github](https://github.com/bcmpinc/looptunes)

## Controls:

- Hover circles to listen to them.
- Drag the screen with the right mouse button.
- Drag circles with the left mouse button.
- Draw on circles with the left mouse button when zoomed in.
- Zoom using the scroll wheel.
- Change the frequency of circles with shift + scroll wheel.
- Change the color of circles with 'c'.
- Use the 0-9 keys to add new circles.
- Hold shift to insert new circles with 1Hz instead of 440Hz.
- Clone circles by holding ctrl while dragging them.

## License

Licensed under either of

* Apache License, Version 2.0
   ([LICENSE-APACHE-2.0](LICENSE-Apache-2.0) or <http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0>)
* MIT License
   ([LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT) or <http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT>)
* CC0-1.0 License
   ([LICENSE-CC0-1.0](LICENSE-CC0-1.0) or <https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/legalcode>)

at your option.

Commit message:

Circles are now capable of apoptosis

README.md, after:

# Loop-Tunes
A simple chip-tune music creation sandbox game. Made for bevy-jam 5. Still in early development

Available on:

- [itch.io](https://bcmpinc.itch.io/loop-tunes)
- [github](https://github.com/bcmpinc/looptunes)

## Controls:

- Hover circles to listen to them.
- Drag the screen with the right mouse button.
- Drag circles with the left mouse button.
- Draw on circles with the left mouse button when zoomed in.
- Zoom using the scroll wheel.
- Change the frequency of circles with shift + scroll wheel.
- Change the color of circles with 'c'.
- Use the 0-9 keys to add new circles.
- Hold shift to insert new circles with 1Hz instead of 440Hz.
- Clone circles by holding ctrl while dragging them.
- Delete circles with the Delete key (there is no undo though).

## License

Licensed under either of

* Apache License, Version 2.0
   ([LICENSE-APACHE-2.0](LICENSE-Apache-2.0) or <http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0>)
* MIT License
   ([LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT) or <http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT>)
* CC0-1.0 License
   ([LICENSE-CC0-1.0](LICENSE-CC0-1.0) or <https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/legalcode>)

at your option.
